docs/azure-comments-analytics/README.md, before:

# Azure Comments Analytics Scenario

## Overview

Welcome to the Azure Comments Analytics addon!

This add-on allows you to install the scenario provided by Team Flying Seals. Azure Comments Analytic receives information about Github's Issue from the Github Connector. Next, the lambda function analyses it using the Azure Broker and then, if the Issue's sentiment is negative, the lambda sends it to Slack and labels the Issue on Github.

## Installation

1. Provision [Github Connector](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase/blob/master/docs/github-connector/README.md).
2. Provision [Slack Connector](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase/blob/master/docs/slack-connector/README.md).
3. Provision [Azure Broker](https://github.com/kyma-project/addons/tree/master/addons/azure-service-broker-0.0.1).
4. [Provision](#provisioning) this addon.

The Azure Comments Analytics Scenario is now ready to use. Add a new issue or edit one in a given repository or organization.

## Provisioning

### Default plan

In this plan, you only provide the required values.

| PARAMETER NAME | DISPLAY NAME | TYPE | DESCRIPTION | REQUIRED |
|----------------|--------------|------|-------------|:--------:|
| `githubURL` | GitHub repository | `string` | Link to GitHub repository in the proper format: repos/:owner/:repo or orgs/:org | yes |
| `workspaceName` | Workspace Name | `string` | The name of the workspace to install the application to. | yes |

Commit message:

Final documentation refinement (#168)
* Refine instalation docs of Slack and GitHub Connectos

* Change plans description

* Add sequence diagram to the scenario REDME.md

* Fix link to sequence diagram

* Fixed the second volume of errors mentioned in the cr

* Fix GitHub Connector addon docs

* Add coma and change one cell in table in GitHub Connector addon docs

* Fix add-ons on buttons

* Fix Slack Connector addon docs

* Fix Azure Text Analytics addon docs

* Fix demoscenario.md

* Create folder assets in docs for storing images

* Fix GitHub Connector docs

* Fix GitHub Connector docs vol. 2

* Fix GitHub Connector addon  docs vol.2

* Fix some minior documentation problems

* Adjust capitalization for Application(s)/application(s), Namespace(s) and Event(s)

* Add 'for'

* Add checks in roadmap

* Add some thes

* Update docs/github-connector/installation.md

Co-Authored-By: majakurcius <53601578+majakurcius@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/azure-comments-analytics/README.md, after:

# Azure Comments Analytics Scenario

## Overview

This addon allows you to install an example scenario. Azure Comments Analytic receives information about Github's Issue from the Github Connector. Next, the lambda function analyses it using the Azure Broker and then, if the Issue's sentiment is negative, the lambda sends it to Slack and labels the Issue on Github.

## Installation

1. Provision [the Github Connector](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase/blob/master/docs/github-connector/README.md).
2. Provision [the Slack Connector](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/hack-showcase/blob/master/docs/slack-connector/README.md).
3. Provision [the Azure Broker](https://github.com/kyma-project/addons/tree/master/addons/azure-service-broker-0.0.1).
4. [Provision](#provisioning) this addon.

The Azure Comments Analytics Scenario is now ready to use. Add a new issue or edit one in a given repository or organization.

## Provisioning

### Default plan

In this plan, you only provide the required values.

| PARAMETER NAME  | DISPLAY NAME      | TYPE     | DESCRIPTION                                                                     | REQUIRED |
| --------------- | ----------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `githubURL`     | GitHub repository | `string` | Link to a GitHub repository in the proper format: repos/:owner/:repo or orgs/:org |   yes    |
| `workspaceName` | Workspace Name    | `string` | The name of the workspace to which to install the Application to.                        |   yes    |
| `image`         | Docker image      | `string` | Docker image to install scenario from.                                          |    no    |
