addons/slackconnector-1.0.0/docs/overview.md, before:

# Overview

Welcome to the Slack Connector addon!

With the use of token provided during provision of addon, Slack Connector allows sending requests to Slack
Web API, that were specified at the Slack Application installation to the workspace, such as posting a
message to specified channel, getting list of current users, etc.

## Installation

1. [Provision](#provisioning) this addon.
2. Go to `Service Management > Catalog > Services`. Find a service named `slack-connector-{WORKSPACE-NAME}` and add it.

Now you can start using the Slack Connector. Add channel ID to lambda environmental variables to send authorized request to Slack Web API.

## Provisioning

### Default plan

This plan allows to both handle events incoming from connected Slack workspaces to an exposed endpoint and POST jsons to Slack API through Application Gateway, which automatically adds all necessary informations needed to communicate with Slack.

### Fields

| PARAMETER NAME | DISPLAY NAME | TYPE | DESCRIPTION | REQUIRED |
|----------------|--------------|------|-------------|:--------:|
| `slackBotToken` | Bot Token | `string` | The Slack workspace token, which you can find on this site: <https://auth-slack.herokuapp.com/> | yes |
| `workspaceName` | Workspace Name | `string` | The name of workspace application will be connected to. | yes |
| `slackSecret` | Slack Signing Secret | `string` | The Slack app's signing secret used for validating requests coming from Slack by verifying its unique signature. You can find it in the app's Basic Information. | yes |

Commit message:

Final documentation refinement (#168)
* Refine instalation docs of Slack and GitHub Connectos

* Change plans description

* Add sequence diagram to the scenario REDME.md

* Fix link to sequence diagram

* Fixed the second volume of errors mentioned in the cr

* Fix GitHub Connector addon docs

* Add coma and change one cell in table in GitHub Connector addon docs

* Fix add-ons on buttons

* Fix Slack Connector addon docs

* Fix Azure Text Analytics addon docs

* Fix demoscenario.md

* Create folder assets in docs for storing images

* Fix GitHub Connector docs

* Fix GitHub Connector docs vol. 2

* Fix GitHub Connector addon  docs vol.2

* Fix some minior documentation problems

* Adjust capitalization for Application(s)/application(s), Namespace(s) and Event(s)

* Add 'for'

* Add checks in roadmap

* Add some thes

* Update docs/github-connector/installation.md

Co-Authored-By: majakurcius <53601578+majakurcius@users.noreply.github.com>

addons/slackconnector-1.0.0/docs/overview.md, after:

# Overview

With the use of the token provided during the provisioning of the addon, the Slack Connector allows for sending requests to the Slack Web API. The requests are specified during the installation of the Slack Application to the workspace. The example requests are: posting a message to a specified channel, getting the list of the current users, etc.

## Installation

1. [Provision](#provisioning) this addon.
2. In **Service Management**, go to **Catalog** and choose **Services**. Find the service named `slack-connector-{DESIRED_WORKSPACE_NAME}` and add it.

Now you can start using the Slack Connector. Add the channel name to the lambda environmental variables to send authorized requests to the Slack Web API.

## Provisioning

### Default plan

This plan allows to handle Events incoming from connected Slack workspaces to an exposed endpoint, and POST jsons to the Slack API through the Application Gateway, which automatically adds all the information necessary to communicate with Slack.

### Fields

| PARAMETER NAME | DISPLAY NAME | TYPE | DESCRIPTION | REQUIRED |
|----------------|--------------|------|-------------|:--------:|
| `image` | Docker Image | `string` | The Slack Connector image to use. | no |
| `slackBotToken` | Bot Token | `string` | DO NAPISANIA | yes |
| `workspaceName` | Workspace Name | `string` | The name of the workspace to which to connect the Application. | yes |
| `slackSecret` | Slack Signing Secret | `string` | The Slack Application's signing Secret used for validating requests coming from Slack by verifying its unique signature. To get this Secret, create your Slack Application. Then, find the Secret in the [Application's](https://api.slack.com/apps) Basic Information. | yes |
